When recruiters look for new people to come and join the navy, they're
looking for special special ideology not a special skill set. You can
come in with nothing. You can come in with your GED, you can come
in with C's like I did from high school and they will train you, that's
not a problem. The ideology that I'm talking about is the fact
that you need to be able to follow instructions. So for instance if
you always got in trouble all the time and you can't follow directions,
then that is a hit. A lot of people that would have went to jail
still join the military because the judge thinks that they have the
potential to follow directions if in the right situation. So the biggest
quality that recruiters look for when they ask people to join
the navy is "Will you do what I tell you to do? Will you do what your
supervisor tells you to do? Are you going to be drunk and get kicked
out of military right away?" If you sexually harass people then that's
a big no-no. So someone who is moral, someone who follow directions,
that's what they're looking for.